Examples: Added analogin example (#50)
MCU-Driver-HAL/MCU-Driver-HAL: examples/README.md

The following table details the currently supported MCU-Driver-HAL examples.

|     API       |   Description    |
|---            |---                       |

> | analogin      |   Reads the A0 analog in pin and outputs the read volatage over trace  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| analogin      |   Reads an analog input pin and reports the read voltage with a trace  |
```
Let's not to be too detailed in case we change the pin for example
